Docs: update license restrictions doc (#31508)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/license-expiration.md

### Auditing

Auditing is not affected by an expired license.

### License restrictions

> The concurrent session limit remains active for 7 days after the expiration date. Then, it will be turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The concurrent session limit remains active for seven days after the expiration date, after which it will be turned off.
```
